Hyunckel...
You're alive?!
You can't be...
Why, you little...
Maam: Is this a dream?
Or am I dead?
You're not dreaming.
And you're not dead.
[gasp]
Maam: Hyunckel!
Maam.
You... You're alive.
Oh, thank goodness!
[jealous gasp]
Hey, rust bucket!
You know, I'm still
injured over here.
Help me out or something!
Hyunckel: Medicinal
herbs. Try 'em.
Popp: That weasel...
What ever happened
to equal treatment?!
Explain this to me, boy.
How were you not destroyed along
with the Underground Palace?
You're right.
I shouldn't be here.
But right then,
in my final moments,
I was saved by
a great warrior.
Hyunckel: Truly,
at the brink of death!
Hyunckel: So, you
survived... Crocodine.
Crocodine: My steel hide
could withstand the lava.
Plus, thankfully, your servants
patched me up quite well.
I was barely alive
when this Garuda found me.
[squawk]
But I was the one
who tried to kill you.
Why did you save me?
It was a soldier's mercy
when you ordered them
to treat my wounds.
Mercy must be repaid
in kind. That's why.
Besides, from now on,
you must continue to
help Dai and his friends.
If mercy was
really your intent,
then you should have
just left me to my death.
I had refused to face
my own weaknesses,
and turned my
hate for Avan...
into a hatred
for all of humanity.
Maybe I would have paid the
price for some of my crimes...
But because I live,
this shame will continue to
be with me for all my days.
Crocodine: Hyunckel.
I believe that the worth
of a man lies in how much
they are able to
let go of the past
no matter how
painful it may be.
Be it a life in shame,
and reviled by all you know,
so long as you walk a
path that you believe in,
is that not enough?
The Garuda tells me Dai and
his friends have headed north.
Probably to Valge Island.
I'm going to go help them.
It's the least I can do
after they've reminded
me of a warrior's honor.
Hyunckel: Wait!
You're right, Beast King.
My crimes are too great...
My demise won't
absolve me of them.
You and Maam...
You were the first...
to ever shed
real tears for me.
In order to
repay those tears,
I must... I must...
I must fight for
the hero and his friends.
What's that?!
Hyunckel: The Dark
Armour Blade?
It was lost in the fall
of the Underground Palace...
How is it here?!
And it's been completely
repaired, as well.
Crocodine: They say a true
weapon chooses its wielder.
Perhaps this Dark Blade
was restored and drawn here
by the power of
your renewed Aura.
Hyunckel: Amdo!
That's it...
Crocodine: So long as you
have the will to fight,
this armor shall
always find you!
Hyunckel: Thank you,
Beast King!
Hadlar: Unbelievable!
I never trusted you,
but for Crocodine to betray
our forces, as well...
Hyunckel: You'll believe
it when you hear him
destroy the Dark Flame Spire.
Can you stand?
Maam: Yes.
You head to Valge Tower with
Popp and meet up with Dai.
You just leave
this battle to me.
Yes, but you...
Popp: Well, okay then!
Thanks, pal.
Popp: Good luck!
Popp, what are you doing?!
Forget him!
He said to go, so let's go!
Popp [thought]: Like I'd let
him touch you a second longer!
[chuckling]
All traitors
must suffer death!
That's the law of
the Dark Army!
I'm going to make
yours slow and painful!
Now, how do you want
to die, swordsman?
Hadlar, are you
taking me seriously?
Or are you too stupid now
to tell how strong
your opponents are?
What?
These monsters...
aren't even worth my time.
If you want to kill me,
do it by risking your
own life you coward.
You... You brat!
[roaring charge]
Don't let him get
any closer to the Spire!
Get back, old man!
[vicious snarl]
Beast King Anguish Blast!
Zaboera: No!
The Dark Flame Spire!
Hey, I feel lighter...
The Curse Field is gone!
Baduck: What an
astounding attack!
[agreeing chirps]
But if you ask me,
"Anguish Blast" might sound
a little too ominous, now.
How about something like;
"Beast King Redemption Blast"?
[laughing]
Not half bad!
Thank you, old man.
Flazzard: Well...
After all that trouble,
there goes my Curse Field.
What's Hadlar even doing?
The Spires have fallen.
So now it's your turn.
My lord!
All of you, stay back.
I want to show
him my true power.
Hyunckel: I'm no longer
worthy to call Avan, "Master."
So I can't claim
to avenge my master.
For taking the life of my
father, Bartos the knight,
I cannot allow you
to live any longer!
You snotty whelp.
Watch your tongue.
Like father, like son,
you both defy me. Begone!
Hadlar: Impossible!
My Kaboom spell?!
Have you forgotten?
My armor will repel
any magical attack
that you could
possibly conjure.
Prepare yourself... Hadlar!
Die!
There's nothing in this world
my Hell Claws cannot penetrate!
Very good.
That's more like it.
-Popp: Dai!
-Dai: Popp! Maam!
[relieved laughter]
It was Hyunckel.
He showed up and saved us!
Yeah - talk about
an oasis in a desert.
That's great!
So Hyunckel's a Disciple
of Avan after all.
I'm sure that
Master Avan would be proud.
We should get going.
Leona needs us!
Right!
Maam [thought]:
Be careful, Hyunckel.
Who's winning?
Ah, Lord Hadlar seems
to be at a disadvantage!
Hyunckel [thought]: He's not
the Dark Commander for nothing.
He has the power to back it!
Hadlar [thought]: He's
stronger than I imagined!
No wonder the
Dark King likes him!
And without my spells,
I'm at a disadvantage!
If I could do something
about that armor...
Hadlar [thought]: I see...
Hyunckel: He's coming
for the final showdown!
Bloody Scryde!
[pained groan]
That was a
disappointing fight.
It's over, Hadlar.
Demon: No!
Demon: He lost?!
It can't be!
No one could survive
an attack like that!
Unlike you, I have a heart
on each side of my chest.
Hadlar: I only needed
you to lower your blade!
Now...
With your armor damaged,
I'm going to fill
it with pure hellfire!
Ready? Kafrizz!
[pained screaming]
Hyunckel...
How do you like my flames?
Are they not agonizing?
They won't go out until
you're entirely consumed!
Hyunckel: Curse you
and your dirty tricks!
[straining grunts]
Hyunckel [thought]:
I can't move my body!
So much for your
mighty sword, then.
While I... I still
have my secret weapon!
Hadlar: Now watch as I unleash
the full power of
my greatest spell!
Can your punctured
armor withstand it?
Now, take this! Kasizz!
[cackling]
Hadlar: I've won!
You stubborn little brat.
He's finally met his end!
[victorious laugh]
Gargoyle: He has won!
Lord Hadlar, are you hurt?
Hadlar: It's nothing.
I merely lost one of my hearts.
So, is this
all that survived?
Yes.
Fine!
We're going after Dai and
we will slaughter them all!
All: Yes, Lord!
Hyunckel [thought]: No! Dai
and the others are in danger.
I have to stop them, but I
don't have any way to fight!
What can I do?
What weapon can I use?!
Avan: Life itself.
[astonished breath]
Hyunckel [thought]: Avan?!
Avan: Life energy.
Basically...
It's your Aura.
How did you do that?
I just focused
my whole Aura.
As a Warrior, you
cannot cast most spells.
If your sword is ever lost,
the only weapon you're going
to have left is life itself.
Avan: If you find yourself
in such a situation,
you'll have to
fight with your Aura.
Young Hyunckel: Aura...
But remember that the Aura
is an offensive life energy,
and it'll be very
difficult to control it.
If your heart is full of malice
it can put your own life at risk
the same way it does
with your opponents.
I don't need
that kind of skill.
All I have to do is defeat
my enemy with my sword,
isn't that right?
Hyunckel [thought]: Back then,
I laughed at Avan's teachings.
But now, I understand.
Now I know why he taught me.
It's almost
impressive how stubborn
the Students
of Avan can be.
Wait a minute, Lord Hadlar.
We can take him in
his weakened state!
Hadlar [thought]:
Has he given up?
What is that?
An extreme amount of energy
is gathering at his forehead!
Wait, is this...
his Aura?!
Hyunckel: If it means
stopping Hadlar here,
then I'll gladly
use all of my life!
Avan, my master!
Give this ungrateful
student his final strength!
N-No. Get away!
Hyunckel: Grand Cross!
[screaming]
Dai, is that light...
Maam: What? What is it?!
It looks just like...
I remember...
Popp: The light
from when Master Avan
fought Hadlar and
sacrificed himself!
Avan: Megante!
Popp: It was just like that.
Like the final flash...
of existence as you know it.
Oh, no...
Popp: Hey!
Where do you think
you're going, Dai?!
Dai: To go help Hyunckel.
Where do you think?!
Hold on!
We don't even know for sure
whether that was him or not!
Besides, he can't
use any spells...
He wouldn't be able to
cast Megante like Avan!
But Popp - that was no
ordinary light.
Him or not,
he's still in trouble.
He needs help.
Isn't that right, Maam?!
What are you thinking?!
What about Princess Leona?!
Dai: There's still
time until sundown.
Popp: Stop it! There's
nothing you can do now!
Dai: No. At the very
least, I have to go!
Maam: You can't, Dai.
We're going to Valge Tower,
no matter what.
You know we have to.
Why? Are you abandoning him?
No, it's what he would want.
Hyunckel and Crocodine...
they came here to help us
finish the job, didn't they?
They're buying us time
so that you can rescue
Princess Leona from Flazzard!
Maam: If you turn back now,
everything they've done
will be for nothing.
Besides, Hyunckel's
a Disciple of Avan.
He'd try to save his friends,
even if it cost
him everything...
Just as our
Master once did for you.
Popp [thought]: They're
strong... They're so strong,
both Hyunckel and Maam.
How could I compete?
All right then, Maam.
Right now, the only
mission we have is
to save Leona as
quickly as we can.
Let's go.
The tower's right there!
Dai [thought]: Hyunckel,
Crocodine; thank you.
I promise I'll save Leona.
So please, please
just keep fighting!
Hadlar: So I
withstood it...
Lucky that I had these
minions as a shield.
Is this the might of
that Grand Cross attack?
What a terrifying power.
Hadlar: Hyunckel.
I see.
[delighted laughter]
I get it now.
Looks like his Grand Cross
was an incomplete attack!
Hadlar: As a result, it drew
upon all the Aura Hyunckel had!
What a pity,
and now all that remains is
this soulless husk of a man.
Hadlar: [chuckling]
So... even after
all your sacrifice,
it looks like I still get
the last laugh, Hyunckel!
Once I finally finish
you off for good...
defeat that boy,
Dai, and his friends,
then there'll
be no one left
in the entire world
who could stop me!
Hadlar: You can live with
your regrets in the afterlife.
Along with Avan... Bartos,
and the rest that
will be with you soon!
Hyunckel: Avan...
Bartos...
Young Hyunckel:
Master! Dad!
This is it!
Farewell, Hyunckel!
Im...possible!
Hadlar [thought]:
But he had
completely spent
all of his Aura!
Hadlar [thought]:
Even unconscious,
he still retains the last
of his will to fight!
Well done, Hyunckel.
Hadlar [thought]: You are
indeed, a true... Warrior...
Flazzard: Master Hadlar
sure is useless!
He couldn't even beat
a few little brats...
Flazzard: Oh, well.
I guess this means Dai's head
will be even more valuable!
The combined dark army couldn't
beat the boy and his friends...
So if I obliterate them,
all the glory will be for me!
Narrator: Saved by
Hyunckel and Crocodine,
Dai's party reaches
Valge Tower at last.
But once again they
find themselves
at the mercy of
Flazzard's powerful attack.
When all hope seems lost,
will Dai remember the words of
Master Avan and save the day?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Final Avan
Style Technique".